here I'm going to show you how to cook a
piece of foie gras first you want to get
a pan hot I have a little piece of foie
here about an ounce
and you don't need to add any fat to
your pan but you do want it to be quite
hot and season it with a little salt and
pepper and just put it right in there
and all that fat is going to come out
and it's going to smoke a little bit you
might want to open up a window
now you don't have to add any fat to the
pan because Walker is basically pure fat
it's going to let out a whole lot of it
some people say they like to put butter
in with foie I don't like to do that so
all you want to do is caramelize it on
the first side and then flip it and all
you got to do is cook it until it is
warm in the center you don't want to
give anyone an undercooked piece of
Barbera
so now I'm going to get a piece of toast
and my father is just about there I'll
let it sit in the pan for a minute and
then it's ready to eat and that's how
you see a piece of foie gras